Add adoptable field (#5463)
ethereum/EIPs: EIPS/eip-1.md

`withdrawal-reason`: *A sentence explaining why the EIP was withdrawn.* (Optional field, only needed when status is `Withdrawn`)

> `resuscitatable`: *One of `true` or `false`.* (Optional field, but highly recommended)

Reviewer: How about:

```suggestion
`adoptable`: *One of `true` or `false`.* (Optional field, but highly recommended)
```

EIPs may have a `requires` header, indicating the EIP numbers that this EIP depends on.

#### `resuscitatable` header

> EIPs may have a `resuscitatable` header. If this is `true`, then any PR that changes the `status` from `Stagnant` to any other state only requires editor approval.

Reviewer: Unless I'm missing the point of this field, this description doesn't do it justice. I assume this is to support adopting stagnant EIPs and changing their author field? I think you should mention exactly what this lets non-authors do.

Changing from `Stagnant` to `Withdrawn` also seems weird without author approval, so I've added "non-final state".

```suggestion
EIPs may have a `resuscitatable` header. If this is `true`, then any PR changing `status` from `Stagnant` to a non-final state no longer requires author approval (instead only requiring editor approval.) Marking a proposal as `resuscitatable` allows _anyone_ to edit the author list and take over the proposal should it be abandoned.
```

> EIPs may have a `adoptable` header. If this is `true`, then any PR changing `status` from `Stagnant` to a non-final state no longer requires author approval (instead only requiring editor approval.) Marking a proposal as `adoptable` allows _anyone_ to edit the author list and take over the proposal should it be abandoned, and is recommended.

Reviewer 2: I'd love to see a more clear description on what is considered "abandoned"

Author: Stagnant <=> abandoned
